docs: add discord intergration document (#536)
vanus-labs/docs: content/vanus-ai/how-to/discord.md

# Discord Integration
This documentation will teach you how to integrate an AI into Discord.
Integration is a paid user feature. Therefore, only users with subscriptions or 14 days trials can use this feature.

> ## how to Setup a Discord Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Setup a Discord Integration
```

> 

Reviewer: Replace *how* with *How*

### Step 1: Create an AI Application
1. Go to [ai.vanus.ai](https://ai.vanus.ai) and sign in.

> 2. Create an new AI app by clicking **Create AI**.

Reviewer: Create *a* new AI app by clicking *Create App*

> 2. Create an new AI app by clicking **Create AI**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new AI App by clicking **Create App** button.
```

![](images/discord-createapp.png)

> 3. Enter a name, the model, upload to the knowledge base, and click **Create**.

Reviewer: Enter a name, the *app* model, upload to the knowledge base, and click **Create**.

> 3. Enter a name, the model, upload to the knowledge base, and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter a Name, the App Model, upload to the Knowledge Base, and click **Create**.
```

![](images/discord-enterNameModelKnownledge.png)

> 4. Go to the **integration** TAB and click on the discord integration.

Reviewer: Go to the **Integration** tab and click on the discord integration.

> 4. Go to the **integration** TAB and click on the discord integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go to the **Integration** tab and click on the Discord integration.
```

![](images/discord-integration.png)

### Step 2: Create a Discord Channel

> 1. Go to the discord App or website at [discord](https://discord.com)

Reviewer: Go to the Discord App or Website at [discord](https://discord.com)

> 1. Go to the discord App or website at [discord](https://discord.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Discord App or Website at [Discord](https://discord.com)
```

2. Once logged in you can click on the **`+`** button to create a new channel.
![](images/discord-createChannel.png)
3. Click **Create my own** and complete the creation of your channel.

### Step 3: Create a Discord Application
1. Visit [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
2. Click **New Application**.
![](images/discord-newapplication.png)
3. Give a name to your bot, accept the terms and conditions and click **Create**.
![](images/discord-givebotname.png)
4. From the side menu go to **bot**, and in Privileged Gateway Intents enable **MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT**.
![](images/discord-sidemenuclickbot.png)
5. Click **Reset token** and **Copy**.
![](images/discord-resettoken.png)

> 6. Go back to Vanus AI paste the Token, give the integration a name and press Create.

Reviewer: Go back to Vanus AI, paste the token, give the integration a name, and press Create.

> 6. Go back to Vanus AI paste the Token, give the integration a name and press Create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Go back to Vanus AI, paste the token, give the integration a name, and press **Create**.
```

![](images/discord-gobacktovanusai.png)
7. Lastly, to add an AI bot to a channel, go back to the application inside the developer portal.
8. Under the sidemenu 0Auth2 and URL Generator.
![](images/discord-sidemenu0auth2.png)
9. Select bot under scopes.

10. Under Bot Permission (ReadMessages/ViewChannel, Send Messages, Mention Everyone, Use External Emojis, Send TTS Messages, Send Messages In threads,Create public, threads Create private threads) or Administrator.
![](images/discord-underbotpermission.png)

> 11. Copy the URL and visit it from another tab..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Copy the URL and open it in a new tab.
```
